I'll be honest right now. I don't exactly know. Um, the final destination,
my life is headed, but I do have some paths. Maybe it's gonna be
making my own business. Um, the business could be creating something.
I'm a computer scientist, so maybe I could create an application.
Um, maybe I could develop some type of school. Um, for instance, I'm
studying cybersecurity right now. Maybe I could develop my own subjects
security, business and just grow it. Who knows? I'm also trying
to get into the federal government. So maybe I could scrap those
personal business plans and just be the best federal person, federal
government person. That could be. Now there's some places I could go.
Let's say there's NASA. I could be, um, someone in charge of putting
spaceships on Mars. And that would be a non honorable goal. Toby,
apart off. Um, I could work for the Institute of Creative Technologies,
which is the company the company that I'm working at right now
that they make virtual virtual environments for education and training.
That's something that I've always been interested in. Um, out of
all of these goals, I think the most important thing is to focus on
what's present. Um, what I'm presently doing. And that's just trying
to be the best student that I could be at the Naval Postgraduate
School, um, my subject to cyber security. So I have my goals in front
of me. I take four classes, make sure that I do things now that I
haven't done in the past, which means read the book from front to cover,
whether it's requested or not, which means asking questions to
the instructor's, which means which I hadn't done before. Which means
conversing with my other peers, which, instead of like being so individual,
I need to really, you know, get out there and see See how
people solve these problems that are really difficult. So as long as
like, for the next two years, um, I'm doing those jobs, though that
work that it takes to be a really good student in one of those jobs.
It doesn't matter which one a za long as it's challenging to me, um
is gonna come into play, and hopefully I'll be successful with it
at that time